Add validation for duplicate lookups. (#170)
graphql/composite-schemas-spec: spec/Section 2 -- Source Schema.md

}
```

> For a given source schema, there must be exactly one non-deprecated lookup field

Reviewer: We need to move this to the validation section.

> For a given subgraph, there must be only one lookup field that can resolve a given

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a given source schema, there must be only one lookup field that can resolve a given
```

Author: Thanks!
